feat(docs): Process for donating community plugins (#181)
spinnaker/governance: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/plugin-ownership-transfer.md

---
name: Plugin Ownership Transfer
about: Propose a plugin ownership transfer to the spinnaker-plugins organization. For more information, please see the documentation for [community donated plugins](https://github.com/spinnaker/governance/blob/master/sig-platform/community-donated-plugins.md)
title: 'Plugin Transfer: <plugin name>'
labels: committee/technical-oversight

> assignees: ajordens, ethanfrogers, ezimanyi, plumpy, robzienert

Reviewer: Can this be a link to the document that has the current TOC membership in it?  That way, we do not need to remember to update this template when TOC membership changes.  If that doesn't work, then consider just putting in a prose description that the PR should be assigned to the current members of the TOC.

Reviewer 2: > Can this be a link to the document that has the current TOC membership in it?

+1, if possible

Author: I can try to change it to reference `spinnaker/toc` - this part of the doc is for configuring GitHub, so it won't be something people see unless they're looking at the file - this  `assignees` block will auto-assign the issue to these members.

Reviewer 2: +1 to `spinnaker/toc` to start with? If we end up with too much noise, we can reduce if needed?

Author: +1 I'm just not sure if groups are supported in this assignees block. We'll find out once it's merged!

---

### Plugin Information

Name of the plugin.

Description of what the plugin is.

### Acknowledgements

- [ ] Source code will be available publicly on [`spinnaker-plugins`](https://github.com/spinnaker-plugins)

> - [ ] All authors listed below will be given `write` permissions to the plugin repository

Reviewer: Does this structure mean that the author of one plugin has write access to all donated plugins?  Is that acceptable?  Is there any mechanism to restrict it to a particular plugin?

Should we describe what people or organizations should do when an author leaves the plugin project or donating organization?

Reviewer 2: My understanding is that plugin "donors" would only be granted write access to *their* plugin's repository - is that correct?

Reviewer 3: That would be my expectation. 

`spinnaker-plugins` is a new GitHub organization and each plugin is simply a repository within. Permissions would be managed per-repository.

Author: Correct - each plugin will have its own repository within the `spinnaker-plugins` org, and the permissions will be scoped to plugin repositories only. SC and TOC will have access to the org as admins, similar to the spinnaker org.

Reviewer 2: Ack, thanks.

@pstout Does that sufficiently address your concern?

Reviewer: This covers my question about the scope.  I don't think anybody has addressed my question about how we handle people moving on from working on a plugin or the organization that donated that plugin.  A sentence about who does what, or who is allowed to do what, would be useful down the road.

Reviewer: Well, if I go look at the document, rather than just looking at this comment thread, I can see that you addressed the second part.  Sorry for the noise.

- [ ] Plugin authors are expected to continue as primary maintainers of plugin

> - [ ] Spinnaker core contributors are not obligated to help maintenance of plugin

Reviewer 2: "obligated" is quite a strong term - are they perhaps "expected" to help maintain the plugins? Trying to understand the level of involvement we're aiming for here

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure there are or should be any expectations that Spinnaker approvers maintain donated community plugins. 

Worth clarifying but I'm assuming Spinnaker approvers would not automatically inherit similar permissions for the `spinnaker-plugins` organization?

Author: My intent with this statement was to convey that the Spinnaker core contributors will _not_ be involved in maintenance of the plugins. The responsibility and duties of code ownership will continue to lie entirely with the original authors. Any word smithing help would be great!

> Worth clarifying but I'm assuming Spinnaker approvers would not automatically inherit similar permissions for the spinnaker-plugins organization?

Good clarification, yes, I'll add that - approvers / reviewers will not have their access applied to plugin repos unless the plugin authors want that.

> - [ ] Spinnaker core contributors are not obligated to help maintenance of plugin

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Spinnaker core contributors are not obligated to help maintain the plugin
```

Reviewer 2: Thoughts on setting expectations even lower here, e.g. "Spinnaker core contributors are not expected to help maintain the plugin" or so?
